[Music]
ten surprising uses for baking soda
many of us think of baking soda as a
dough rising ingredient a lot of recipes
tell us to use it while baking so you
probably have it at home what you don't
particularly enjoy baking did you keep
sweaters in your well we have news for
both passionate bakers and for those who
prefer to buy their meals right mate
you should get some baking soda and
always have it in your house it is a
universal home cleaner deodorant fire
extinguisher and teeth whitener by your
side yes
baking soda can do all of that for you
take a look at the list of 10 surprising
uses for baking soda you have never
heard of before plus there will be a
bonus feature at the end of the video
you are going to love it we promise
number 10 Universal home cleaner baking
soda can become your best friend and
Ally keeping the house clean it works on
a whole variety of things and surfaces
it can clean your bathrooms including
the floor tiles glass doors toilet sink
and bathtub it is more effective and
healthier than most chemical bathroom
cleaners so make some baking soda with
vinegar and use it as your regular
bathroom cleaner
no one likes stained carpets and stink
carpets don't like baking soda so you
sprinkle your carpet with baking soda
and let it do its magic for fifteen to
twenty minutes you can then vacuum it as
you would normally do and enjoy the
results like with the bathroom cleaner
using baking soda on your carpet is eco
friendly and better for your pets or
children if you thought you could only
use baking soda for cooking in your
kitchen you are wrong it can also help
you clean your pots and pans without
scratching them all you have to do is
put them in hot water and baking soda
mix for 15 to 20 minutes
if you boil baking soda and water in
your white enamel pots it will make them
clean on the inside - have you ever used
a microwave click thumbs up if you had
in that case you know how delicate it is
and how dirty it gets take a damp rag
with the teaspoon of baking soda on it
and wipe away all the grease and food
remnants from your microwave easy-peasy
number 9 dry clean your dog did you get
a new teenie mood you do clean
everything around the house then try to
dry clean your dog put some baking soda
in an empty spray container sprinkle
your dog with its new deodorant massage
it in and then just brush it out it is
quick and safe for your fluffy buddy
[Music]
number eight natural fungicide and
homemade insecticide
[Music]
sodium bicarbonate which is a smarter
way of saying baking soda it's also used
for controlling garden pests and it is
one of the best organic fertilizers if
you mix baking soda with vegetable oil
and a cup of warm water you will create
a powerful spray use it on your plants
to scare away the insects to get rid of
ants make a similar all-natural and
killer spray using baking soda and
powdered sugar
it works on cockroaches too number seven
eliminate the weeds in your lawn you
must have an idea of what your lawn
should look like extra grass and weeds
are not a part of your bright picture if
you agree then you must have tried many
things to fight them with baking soda
one of those things probably not here is
what you can do fill a sprayer with two
cups of water take a nylon stocking to
use it as a flour sifter or an actual
flour sifter and fill them with baking
soda spray the weeds with water and
immediately shake the stocking or flour
sifter over them the best time to apply
the spray is right after the rain unlit
flakes it works best in the spring and
fall when these are growing faster
repeat the process when necessary
[Music]
number six keeping flowers fresh baking
soda will not only work its magic on the
lawn but also inside your house it will
help you keep flowers fresh put some
insecticidal soap in the water and mix
it with eight tablespoons of baking soda
then spray the flowers with the mix you
can also try dipping cut flowers in the
mixture of water and baking soda to
extend their life organic and affordable
what else did you ask for we are halfway
through the list keep watching till the
end to find out how to use baking soda
as a fire extinguisher how to whiten
your teeth
[Music]
number five treating beestings getting a
bee-sting is something we try to avoid
it is painfully itchy
if it happened to you baking soda could
ease your pain mix it with water to get
a big paste apply it to your skin and
leave for 15 minutes it will neutralize
the inflammation effects and the pain
will go away quickly
[Music]
number four fire extinguishers baking
soda is a must heat in a kitchen not
just for cooking but also for other
potential hazards let's say you are
cooking something and due to some
possible reasons you caught fire in your
food or even in the kitchen you don't
have your cell phone to call the fire
department what can you do now
the answer is throwing heaps of baking
soda on it the reason why it
extinguishes the fire is that after
getting heated up from the fire it
releases water and carbon dioxide carbon
dioxide extinguishes the fire while the
water cools down the ignition
temperature
[Music]
number three excellent for removing
odors baking soda is also a powerful
odor neutralizer use the powder on a
piece of damn clock or just leave it in
the cup this way it will deodorize your
shoes soda will absorb all possible
orders from your shoes you can also try
sprinkling them with the water so to
spray however you should be careful with
suede and leather shoes
it smells off your hands maybe you've
got that smell while cooking or cleaning
now just rub in some soda mix and the
smell will be gone remove odors from
refrigerators and microwaves and will
work if you leave some baking soda
inside eliminate bad smells from garbage
cans yep the same rule applies to
garbage mix get rid of cat and dog urine
odors no one likes thanks and baking
soda helps to eliminate them remove
smells from mattresses and suitcases he
authorized your house or your car baking
soda will work its magic that you mix it
with hot water and a spray can to make
it smell even better you can add some
essential oil tea then just use it as a
regular air pressure
[Music]
number two skin and hair hair and it
possibly get any better yes yep baking
soda is also your loyal friend when it
comes to skin and hair care you can use
its combat pimples and blackheads it is
a super cheap way to treat acne at the
tbsp of baking soda added your regular
cleanser will work miracles massaging on
your face for 30 seconds and wait for
the results oily areas will be clean and
fresh acne will be defeated thanks to
baking sodas anti-inflammatory
properties easy and power just how we
like baking soda can also be used as a
facial and body scrub make a thin paste
of 5 to 7 tablespoons of baking soda and
water to prepare the super moisturizing
scrub rinse it thoroughly you can also
make some anti dandruff shampoo excess
use of regular shampoo often causes
dandruff however you will still use it
to keep your hair clean baking soda can
help you out just apply it on the scalp
with water and rinsing you will see no
more danger
number one Hollywood smile just mix some
baking soda with some toothpaste and
then apply a generous layer onto some
aluminum for next wrap the foil around
your teeth getting it snug around your
teeth after an hour
remove the foil and rinse out your mouth
thoroughly your organic toothpaste is
ready say hello to your dazzling new
smile do not overuse this toothpaste
though too much of it can be bad for
your sensitive and M finally it's time
for the bonus evolve and waiting
do you like blue who doesn't they turn
any room into a fun party space
inflating them can sometimes be a
challenge
your good friend baking soda is there to
help to stretch out a balloon
you should pre inflate it first then
take 2 tablespoons of baking soda and
fill the balloon with it using a little
funnel take 4 tablespoons of white
vinegar and put it in an empty plastic
bottle now let the party magic begin
cover the opening of the bottle with
your D plated glue put it on the bottle
top and tip it up hold the end of the
balloon in place and watch it grow your
balloon will be inflated in no time
enjoy the party
did you like this video let us know
using the special thumbs up button and
make sure to subscribe to our Channel
because we have a lot of fun updates on
the way stay on the bright side of life
[Music]